<!-- file * -->
<!-- fn component_new -->
Defines a new color component with babl.

 babl_component_new (const char *name,
 NULL);
<!-- fn conversion_new -->
Defines a new conversion between either two formats, two models or
two types in babl.

 babl_conversion_new (<BablFormat *source, BablFormat *destination|
 BablModel *source, BablModel *destination|
 BablType *source, BablType *destination>,
 <"linear"|"planar">, <BablFuncLinear | BablFuncPlanar> conv_func,
 NULL);
<!-- fn fast_fish -->
Create a faster than normal fish with specified performance (and thus
corresponding precision tradeoff), values tolerance can hold: NULL and
"default", means do same as `babl_fish()`, other values understood in
increasing order of speed gain are:
 "exact" "precise" "fast" "glitch"

Fast fishes should be cached, since they are not internally kept track
of/made into singletons by babl and many creations of fast fishes will
otherwise be a leak.
<!-- fn fish -->
Create a babl fish capable of converting from source_format to
 destination_format, source and destination can be either strings
 with the names of the formats or Babl-format objects.
<!-- fn fish_get_process -->
get the dispatch function of a fish, this allows faster use of a fish
in a loop than the more indirect method of babl_process, this also avoids
base-level instrumentation.
<!-- fn format_new -->
Defines a new pixel format in babl. Provided BablType and|or
BablSampling is valid for the following components as well. If no
name is provided a (long) descriptive name is used.

 babl_format_new (["name", const char *name,]
 BablModel *model,
 [BablType *type,]
 [BablSampling, *sampling,]
 BablComponent *component1,
 [[BablType *type,]
 [BablSampling *sampling,]
 BablComponent *componentN,
 ...]
 ["planar",]
 NULL);
<!-- fn user_data -->
Get data set with babl_set_user_data
<!-- fn model_new -->
Defines a new color model in babl. If no name is provided a name is
generated by concatenating the name of all the involved components.

 babl_model_new (["name", const char *name,]
 BablComponent *component1,
 [BablComponent *componentN, ...]
 NULL);
<!-- fn palette_set_palette -->
Assign a palette to a palette format, the data is a single span of pixels
representing the colors of the palette.
## `babl`
a `Babl`
## `format`
The pixel format
## `data`
The pixel data
## `count`
The number of pixels in `data`
<!-- fn process -->
Process n pixels from source to destination using babl_fish,
 returns number of pixels converted.
<!-- fn set_user_data -->
associate a data pointer with a format/model, this data can be accessed and
used from the conversion functions, encoding color profiles, palettes or
similar with the data, perhaps this should be made internal API, not
accesible at all from
<!-- fn type_new -->
Defines a new data type in babl. A data type that babl can have in
its buffers requires conversions to and from "double" to be
registered before passing sanity.

 babl_type_new (const char *name,
 "bits", int bits,
 ["min_val", double min_val,]
 ["max_val", double max_val,]
 NULL);
